All the boys, in a certain school, sit together in one large room every evening. 
They are of no less than five nationalities - English, Scotch, Welsh, Irish, and German.
One of the Monitors (who is a great reader of Wilkie Collins' novels) is very observant and takes 
notes of almost everything that happens, with the view of being a good sensational witness, in 
case any conspiracy to commit a murder should be afoot. 
The following are some of his notes :
(1) Whenever some of the English boys are singing "Rule, Britannia," and some not, some of the 
Monitors are wide awake.
(2) Whenever some of the Scotch are dancing reels, and some of the Irish fighting, some of the 
Welsh are eating toasted cheese.
(3) Whenever all the Germans are playing chess, some of the Eleven are not oiling their bats.
(4) Whenever some of the Monitors are asleep, and some not, some of the Irish are fighting.
(5) Whenever some of the Germans are playing chess, and none of the Scotch are dancing reels, 
some of the Welsh are not eating toasted cheese.
(6) Whenever some of the Scotch are not dancing reels, and some of the Irish are not fighting, 
some of the Germans are playing chess.
(7) Whenever some of the Monitors are awake, and some of the Welsh are eating toasted cheese, 
none of the Scotch are dancing reels.
(8) Whenever some of the Germans are not playing chess, and some of the Welsh are not eating 
toasted cheese, none of the Irish are fighting.
(9) Whenever all of the English are singing "Rule, Britannia", and some of the Scotch are not 
dancing reels, none of the Germans are playing chess.
(10) Whenever some of the English are singing "Rule, Britannia", and some of the Monitors are 
asleep, some of the Irish are not fighting.
(11) Whenever some of the Monitors are awake, and some of the Eleven are not oiling their bats, 
some of the Scotch are dancing reels.
(12) Whenever some of the English are singing "Rule, Britannia", and some of the Scotch are not 
dancing reels, ... 
How can that last sentence be conmpleted?
